1.1 What are hardware and software?
            ■ HARDWARE - Comprises the visible, physical elements of the computer.
            ■ SOFTWARE - Software provides the invisible instructions that control the hardware and make it perform specific tasks.

1.2 List five major hardware components of a computer.
            ■ A central processing unit (CPU)
            ■ Memory (main memory)
            ■ Storage devices (such as disks and CDs)
            ■ Input devices (such as the mouse and keyboard)
            ■ Output devices (such as monitors and printers)
            ■ Communication devices (such as modems and network interface cards)

1.3 What does the acronym “CPU” stand for?
            ■ A central processing unit

1.4 What unit is used to measure CPU speed?
            ■ Hertz (Hz)

1.5 What is a bit? What is a byte?
            ■ Bit - 0s and 1s that are interpreted as digits in the binary number system.
            ■ Byte - Composed of 8 bits

1.6 What is memory for? What does RAM stand for? Why is memory called RAM?
            ■  A) A computers work are for executing a program. 
               B) Random-access memory 
               C) Because it can be accessed in any random order

1.7 What unit is used to measure memory size?
            ■ (MB) megabytes and or (GB) Gigabytes

1.8 What unit is used to measure disk size?
            ■ Gigabytes

1.9 What is the primary difference between memory and a storage device?
            ■ Memory is temporary and Storage is not

1.10 What language does the CPU understand?
            ■ Machine Language

1.11 What is an assembly language?
            ■ uses a short descriptive word, know as a mnemonic, to represent each of the machine-language instructions.

1.12 What is an assembler?
            ■ Translates assembly-language into machine code.

1.13 What is a high-level programming language?
            ■ statements

1.14 What is a source program?
            ■ A program written in high-level language

1.15 What is an interpreter?
            ■ reads on statent from the source code and Translates it to machine code or virtual machine code.

1.16 What is a compiler?
            ■ Translates the entire source code into a machine-code file.

1.17 What is the difference between an interpreted language and a compiled language?
            ■ the interpreter read the code line by line while the compiler translates the whole code.

1.18 What is an operating system? List some popular operating systems.
            ■ Preform basic tasks such as recognizingh input from the keyboard, sending out to the monitor and keeping track of file and information stored on the storage divices
                B) Windows and Mac OS

1.19 What are the major responsibilities of an operating system?
            ■ make sure that different programs do not interfer with eachther when runnig at he same time.

1.20 What are multiprogramming, multithreading, and multiprocessing?
            ■ Multiprogramming - Allows a simple program to run simultaneously by sharing the same CPU
            ■ Multithreading - Allows a single program to execute mutilple tasks at the same time
            ■ Multiprocessing - using two or more processors together to preform subtasks.

1.21 Who invented Java? Which company owns Java now?
            ■ James Gosling
            B) Oracle

1.22 What is a Java applet?
            ■ Employ a modern graphical interface with buttons, text fields, text areas, radio buttons, and so on to interact with the 
              web processing and its request.

1.23 What programming language does Android use?
            ■ Java

1.24 What is the Java language specification?
            ■ Technical definition of the Java programming language's syntax

1.25 What does JDK stand for?
            ■ Java Development Toolkit

1.26 What does IDE stand for?
            ■ Interated developement environment

1.27 Are tools like NetBeans and Eclipse different languages from Java, or are they dialects or extensions of Java?
            ■ They are dialects

1.28 What is a keyword? List some Java keywords.
            ■ Words that have a specific meaning: public, static, void

1.29 Is Java case sensitive? What is the case for Java keywords?
            ■ lowercase

1.30 What is a comment? Is the comment ignored by the compiler? How do you denote a comment line and a comment paragraph?
            ■ documents what the program is and how it is constructed

1.31 What is the statement to display a string on the console?
            ■ System.out.println(...)

1.32 Show the output of the following code:
    public class Test {
        public static void main(String[] args) {
            System.out.println("3.5 * 4 / 2 – 2.5 is ");
            System.out.println(3.5 * 4 / 2 – 2.5);
        }
    }

            Output: 3.5 * 4 / 2 – 2.5 is 
            Output: -28

1.33 What is the Java source filename extension, and what is the Java bytecode filename extension?
            ■ .java

1.34 What are the input and output of a Java compiler?
            ■ Java Javac

1.35 What is the command to compile a Java program?
            ■ Welcome.java

1.36 What is the command to run a Java program?
            ■ Welcome.Class

1.37 What is the JVM?
            ■ Loads the bytevode of the class the memory using class loader

1.38 Can Java run on any machine? What is needed to run Java on a computer?
            ■ YES & A JVM

1.39 If a NoClassDefFoundError occurs when you run a program, what is the cause of the error?
            ■ The class does not exist

1.40 If a NoSuchMethodError occurs when you run a program, what is the cause of the error?
            ■ Main method is missing

1.41 Reformat the following program accordingly to the programming style and documentation guidelines using End of Brace.
            ■ public class Test {
                //Main method
                public static void main (String[] args) {
                    /** Display output */
                    System.out.println("Welcome to Java");
                }
            }

1.42 What are syntax errors (compile errors), runtime errors, and logic errors?
            ■

1.43 Give examples of syntax errors, runtime errors, and logic errors.
            ■

1.44 If you forget to put a closing quotation mark on a string, what kind error will be raised?
            ■

1.45 If your program needs to read integers, but the user entered strings, an error would occur when running this program. What kind of error is this?
            ■

1.46 Suppose you write a program for computing the perimeter of a rectangle and you mistakenly write your program so that it computes the area of a rectangle. What kind of error is this?
            ■
